
Alex.Ander:  Me too. I'm drinking beer.
Niric02:  So I'm sitting in a pub at the bar on the bar stool.
Alex.Ander:  And talking.
Niric02:  Next to me sits Ali. I'm having a drink at the moment. I drink a fancy cocktail with Umbrella in it.
Alex.Ander:  Oh my god. When the fucking boar attacked us.
Niric02:  And yeah, we're talking about how fun the last adventure was. And in the...

Alex.Ander:  Yeah, well, I think we both did our parts.
Niric02:  Yeah, that was fun. But yeah, you were way better than me in handling the boar. I just ran and hide all the time. Yeah, sure. Oh, I did a lot of damage, to be fair. Just... yeah, because I didn't have to run, because you still use your ground.
Alex.Ander:  Oh.

Niric02:  Guess find another war.
Alex.Ander:  So, what do you think we're going to do tomorrow?
Niric02:  No, I have to get some money. I have to do contract. Want to join? Sure, let's go.
Alex.Ander:  Yeah, sure. Want to go to the contract board?
Niric02:  So I walk over to the contract board and. I see some contracts.
Alex.Ander:  I follow.
Niric02:  One is for eliminating another bore.

Niric02:  The other one is
Alex.Ander:  yeah it's gonna bring some more variety into it
Niric02:  to kill an ogre. Oh, let's do the ogre one. That sounds fun.
Alex.Ander:  what is it
Niric02:  Yeah, but the price sounds
Alex.Ander:  500 gold pieces yeah let's go do that please
Niric02:  good. Seems like a lot of money. It's 500 gold pieces for the whole job. Yeah, someone's

Niric02:  really want to get that ball gone.
Alex.Ander:  Wait, Ogre, not Boar.
Niric02:  Ogre, sorry. Oops!
Alex.Ander:  Yeah, well, with the Boar yesterday, it's confusing. That's right.
Niric02:  Yeah.
Alex.Ander:  Where is the Ogre? Is there anything about the location?
Niric02:  True, true, true. It says here it's about a quarter mile of five miles of

Alex.Ander:  Sure.
Niric02:  the village, in the forest, so
Alex.Ander:  Uh, so.
Niric02:  it's doable in the day.
Alex.Ander:  All right.
Niric02:  Let's go sit down again and talk strategy. So it's now the next day. You're walking through the forest in the direction of the ogre. You should see

Niric02:  clearance in the forest soon.
Alex.Ander:  All right. So I guess we're in the forest now. I'm going to take a look out for anything that could indicate an
Niric02:  Hey Llama, change scene to the forest. Yeah, I hope that's going to work out for us.

Niric02:  Oh shit, there's a fucking boar over there.
Alex.Ander:  Oh, again?
Niric02:  Fast, stand your ground, I'm hiding.
Alex.Ander:  Come on.
Niric02:  And I go hide behind the tree.
Alex.Ander:  We did boar yesterday.
Niric02:  You can do it! You can do it, Oli!
Alex.Ander:  All right, I draw my swords. I draw my sword and stand steadfast in front of the boar.
Niric02:  Yeah, I draw my arrow and aim at the boar. No.

Alex.Ander:  Good shot, good shot.
Niric02:  can shoot it down as quickly as possible so you don't get hurt too much. I shoot and the arrow hits the boar right in the face. So right in the eyeball and the boar
Alex.Ander:  Yeah, well, at
Niric02:  falls dead on the ground. Thanks! I wish it was that easy yesterday.

Niric02:  Maybe though.
Alex.Ander:  At least we didn't have to do it today. Well, since that was so easy, we can still do the ogres today. Still have a lookout for them.
Niric02:  Yeah, let's go to the clearing. I go hide in the bushes and you approach it. Does that work for you?
Alex.Ander:  Yep. Yeah. That sounds good.
Niric02:  So let's do exactly that.
Alex.Ander:  So. And I slowly walk.
Niric02:  I go hide behind some bushes. And Oli...
Alex.Ander:  I slowly walk to the clearing.

Alex.Ander:  and onto the clearing
Niric02:  and out of a cave he didn't mention yet walks a big fat ogre
Alex.Ander:  carefully looking around
Niric02:  i said to myself holy that thing is big i draw an arrow and aim
Alex.Ander:  I'm just I'm waiting for the ogre to approach me more

Alex.Ander:  I'm ready to post.
Niric02:  Yeah, I put an arrow in my bow and aim while the ogre starts getting to charge at Oli with his club in his hand above his head and making a big screech.
Alex.Ander:  Well, I also.

Alex.Ander:  Now I charge the ogre and attack him,
Niric02:  yeah i'm uh i'm drawing my arrow and shoot but i miss
Alex.Ander:  swinging my sword, trying to get at his neck without being hit.
Niric02:  i just my arrow just passes through ali's head i'm sorry oh yeah sorry close by your head i'm sorry still
Alex.Ander:  Through my head? You mean close by my head?

Alex.Ander:  Watch out, fuck!
Niric02:  But my next arrow hits the... Sorry! Next arrow hits him in the side. The ogre, not only. So I think that did some damage.
Alex.Ander:  Yeah, I can take my sword and try to slice open his skin.
